Functional Monitoring documentation update (4 of 5) (#53)
mulesoft/docs-functional-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/afm-modify-schedule.adoc

:imagesdir: ../assets/images

You can modify a schedule to change:

* The location at which the test is run
* The frequency at which to run the test

== Before You Begin

> To run a schedule in a public location, ensure that your Anypoint Platform organization has not reached its maximum number of schedules. An indicator is displayed when creating a new monitor if there are no public schedules available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run a schedule in a public location, ensure that your Anypoint Platform organization has not reached its maximum number of schedules. When you attempt to create a new monitor, an indicator displays if no public schedules are available.
```

Reviewer: What do you mean by "an indicator"? An error? A message?

Author: Good call out. I replaced "indicator" with "message".

To modify a schedule from the *Schedules* section of a monitor:

. Select the monitor in which you want to modify a schedule.

> . Find the schedule in the list, tap *More* (image:afm-ui-more-button.png[width=0.75%,height=0.75%]) and select *Modify Schedule*.

Reviewer: click, comma
```suggestion
. Find the schedule in the list, click *More* (image:afm-ui-more-button.png[width=0.75%,height=0.75%]), and select *Modify Schedule*.
```

. In the *Modify Schedule* dialog, change one or more of the following:
+
* The location at which to run the test
* The frequency at which to run the test
. Click *Save*.

> To modify a schedule from the list of schedules using a particular location:

Reviewer: What or who is "using a particular location"? You? A schedule? The list of schedules? Clarify.

Author: I removed "using a particular location" as it doesn't make sense here. The steps below specify the particular location, so I think we're good.

. Display the list of locations by opening the *Locations manager* dialog in the homepage.
. Select the location in which the schedule is currently running.

> . Find the schedule in the list, tap *More* (image:afm-ui-more-button.png[width=0.75%,height=0.75%]) and select *Modify Schedule*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Find the schedule in the list, click *More* (image:afm-ui-more-button.png[width=0.75%,height=0.75%]), and select *Modify Schedule*.
```
